Update using-wire-logs documentation (#1152)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/develop/using-wire-logs.md

## Enabling wire logs

> The passthrough HTTP transport is the main transport, which handles HTTP/HTTPS messages in the Micro Integrator. The following entry in the `MI_HOME/conf/log4j2.properties` file enables wire logs for the passthrough HTTP transport:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Passthrough HTTP transport is the main transport which handles HTTP/HTTPS messages in the Micro Integrator. The following entry in `MI_HOME/conf/log4j2.properties` file enables wire logs for the Passthrough HTTP transport:
```

```xml
logger.synapse-transport-http-wire.name=org.apache.synapse.transport.http.wire
logger.synapse-transport-http-wire.level=OFF
```

> The wire logs can be enabled by changing the log level. The log level can be either updated in the file itself or via MI CLI. When updating the log level directly in the log4j2.properties file a server restart is required. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wire logs can be enabled by changing the log level to DEBUG. The log level of a running MI instance can be changed via the CLI by using the command below. Please note that updating the entry in the log4j2.properties file directly without the use of the CLI requires a server restart for the changes to be reflected. 
```
